---
layout: post
title:  "Some Articles from 2022"
date:   2020-2-28 15:07:43 -0500
permalink: /notes/articles-2022/
---

# [Marginal Revolution: China’s Private Cities](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2022/01/chinas-private-cities.html)

**PCOs** - private city operators

- plan, finance, build, operate and manage entire cities
- this means urban planning, industry development and public services

China Fortune Land Development Co is the biggest

- it manages 125 new cities

# [Common Sense: A Liberal Interventionist](https://bariweiss.substack.com/p/a-conversation-with-the-last-liberal?s=r)

**Philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy** a liberal interventionist

- says the situation in Ukraine is relevant to us
- made a documentary about people around the world fighting against illiberal ideas and getting killed
- says that there’s a new form of antisemitism that defends refugees, but the refugees are openly anti-Semitic, so Jews who are already in the country are vulnerable to attack

# [Economist: France withdraws forces from Mali](https://www.economist.com/middle-east-and-africa/2022/02/19/france-withdraws-its-forces-from-mali)

France arrived in Mali in 2013. It was supposed to be a brief intervention. They’re leaving now, and their mission is incomplete

**why?** a diplomatic breakdown with Mali. A junta overthrew the elected government in 2020

France will continue to fight jihadist in the region, but now it’ll be more difficult

# [Medium: Putin’s Plan](https://medium.com/@noclador/putins-plan-4652895de8ba)

this plan was briefed to allies in November 2021, also from a European war game analysis. They were leaked to the press in January 2022

**Russia’s view**

- Ukrainians don’t exist. They’re just confused Russians or Poles
- Kyiv is a Russian city that belongs to Russia
- The fact that Ukraine exists is unbearable

Putin doesn’t care about Ukraine’s concessions

- NATO guaranteed that Ukraine will never join
- Ukraine is trying to reintegrate Donbas

Putin made insane demands so he could say that America rejected negotiations

- there’s no reason for Putin to limit his war. He wants to invade Ukraine and russify its people. He has said this in writing

Russia has moved every combat-ready unit to Ukraine’s borders

- even fighters from the Pacific coast

**Putin’s Goals**

Russia will invade Ukraine from the North, East and South

- might create a false flag event as a pretext

Phase 1: long range missiles for military positions inside Ukraine , cyber-war Ukraine’s IT-infrastructure

- goal is to demoralize Ukrainian forces, prevent reservists from organizing

Won’t try to occupy smaller towns. Will try to pin Ukrainian units down so they can be bombed from the air

Russians depend on railways, so they’ll try to capture Ukrainian railways

Russians will try to encircle and besiege Ukraine’s largest cities

- once civilians start to freeze and starve, Ukrainian commanders will have to surrender

Russia plans to annex only Eastern, Southern and Central Ukraine. It doesn’t care about Western Ukraine

- resistance would be fiercest there
- A new, small nation centered around Lviv wouldn’t be a threat, and it would be a buffer to NATO countries

